I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Sandpit
Peppa and her friends are playing in the sandpit.
This sandpit is a desert island.
We'll live here forever.
If we are going to live here forever,
I want it to be nice.
It just needs some houses.
And roads.
And shops.
Dinosaur!
Grrrr.
Yes, George.
The desert island can have dinosaurs too.
What are you doing?
We are making a desert island.
It's got houses and roads and shops.
Has it got trees?
No!
It would be nicer if it had trees.
Where are we going to get trees from?
We have to drive big trucks
around the world and look for trees.
Dinosaurs, you look after the island,
while we go and look for some trees.
Broom! Broom! Broom! Vroom! Vroom!
Peppa, Susie, Danny and Emily are pretending
to drive around the world, looking for trees.
Broom! Broom! Broom! Vroom! Vroom!
Hello, Mummy Rabbit.
Have you got any spare trees?
Er…
We need trees for our desert island.
Oh, I see!
How many trees would you like?
Enough to make a forest!
There you go!
Thank you!
Broom! Broom! Broom! Vroom! Vroom!
Grrrr.
The dinosaurs are having fun jumping
up and down on the desert island.
The dinosaurs have broken everything!
Naughty dinosaurs!
Now we'll have to make all again.
What are you making?
This is our desert island.
With roads and houses.
And shops and trees.
There! We'll live here forever. Again!
It will be really good if it has a lake.
Yes, a lake.
One lake.
But it needs water to be a proper lake.
Oh!
Where are we going to get water from?
We must fly around the world in aeroplanes.
Peppa and her friends are pretending
to fly around the world, looking for water.
Pedro Pony is playing on the round-a-about.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Pedro.
We've got a desert island, with houses.
And roads. Shops. Trees. And a lake.
But we need water for the lake.
Have you got some, please?
I don't know what you are talking about.
It just pretend.
We're playing a game.
Oh, I see. You want pretend water.
Yes.
Mmm…I know where there's putten and snow.
We can melt it to get putten water.
Where?
On the mountain top.
But it's a slide.
It's a putten mountain.
Oh!
What's the matter, Pedro?
Because it's a hot day,
the snow has melted.
Can't we pretend it hasn't melted?
No, it's melted good unpopular.
Oh!
But look, over there! Real water.
Daddy Pig is drinking from the water fountain.
Water!
Daddy, can we have some water
in our bucket, please?
We're making a lake.
Oh-oh! Of course.
We've got water.
Nice water!
It is Freddy Fox.
Hello, everyone. What's this?
It's a desert island.
We are going to live here forever.
If only it had a flag.
I've got a flag in my van if you'd like it.
Mr. Fox has got everything in his van.
Er. we only need a pretend one, Mr. Fox.
OK. How about this?
Thank you, Mr. Fox.
Now, our desert island is perfect.
We will live here forever. Again!